Steps to create Clickonce installer

1. Open and Rebuild Tobi.
2. Open properties of main project from solution explorer.
3. Click on "Signing" Tab. There click on Create a test certficate button. Enter a password of your own choice for the certificate you create.
4. Goto More details Tab. Click on install certificate on the Certificate window that opens up. Click on "Place certificates in the following store" radio button. Then browse for it.  Select Trusted Root Certification Authorities and press Ok. Finish it.
5. Again click on install certificate and click on "Place certificates in the following store" radio button. This time browse for Trusted Publisher and finish the process and press Ok on Certificate window. This way you have created a certificate for the clickonce publish.
Note: There is already a certificate created which is in the SVN, you can include it by using the "Select the file" button under the signing tab or if you want to create your own certificate then you can use the method stated above.
6. Now come to publish tab on the same page. 
7. Under publish folder location click on the elliptical button with (...) on it. Select file system and select any location on your machine where you want the tobi solution to be published.
8. Under the installation folder URL give the location of the webpage from where we want the clients to download tobi. In our case it is http://www.digitaltalkingbook.com/projects/tobi/test_folder/
9. To keep the version number as 0.1, goto AssemblyInfo.cs and change the assembly version number at the bottom to 0.1.0.0 and do the same under publish version.
10. On clicking the prerequisites button check the prerequisite you want to install along with installation of Tobi. We made a custom prerequisite of the Direct X and .NET Client profile  with the help of bootstrapper and checked it in prerequisite list thus they get installed before Tobi starts installing.
11. To change the settings when the application takes updates online, click on updates button. Check "The application should check for updates" check box and before the application starts(if that's what we want) radio button.
Under update location give a new location if we want the update location to be different from publish location.
12. Click options button. Under the description tab, Keep the publisher name as DAISY Consortium and product name as Tobi.
 Under deployment tab, put the deployment web page as publish.htm. and check the "Automatically generate deployment web page after publish", "Open deployment web page after publish" and "Use .deploy file extension" check boxes.
13. Click on Publish Now.
14. Open the FTP. Upload the application files, publisht.htm, setup.exe and tobi.application in the test_folders on FTP. All of these at the same level of hierarchy.
Upload the same under the updates folder which is the location for updates, in the same way.
Now, to download Tobi setup open this link. http://www.digitaltalkingbook.com/projects/tobi/test_folder/publish.htm and click on install button. Clickonce will start the installation. 
Else you can directly download setup.exe from http://www.digitaltalkingbook.com/projects/tobi/test_folder/setup.exe.
and run Tobi.

Few things to take care of:
1. During first time uploading of Tobi on FTP take care that  the Application file folder, publisht.htm, setup.exe and tobi.application under updates folder should be the same as the one under main test_folder of Tobi.
2. Use the same certificate each time you publish Tobi. You can do that by going to Signing tab in properties and selecting the option "Select from file" and select the same certificate as you had been using for earlier deployments.